Add per-test fieldcompare tolerance and skip_compare (#847)
precice/tutorials: tools/tests/README.md

             -rtol 3e-7
```

> The default relative tolerance is `3e-7`. Per-test overrides are available in `tests.yaml` via `tolerance` (passed to fieldcompare as `-rtol`). Set `skip_compare: true` to skip the comparison step and only verify that build and run succeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default relative tolerance (`-rtol`) is `3e-7`. Per-test overrides are possible in `tests.yaml` (e.g., `tolerance: 1e-2`). Set `skip_compare: true` to skip the comparison step and only verify that the build and run steps succeed.
```
